I am pleased to announce that I have been reunited with my husband. It's been a year and a bit since we lost him and 
I've come to terms with being unable to mourn the loss of my husband, and even more unable to mourn my husband. 
I don't like to think about what went through his mind while he watched me take on this new form, but Harry had to be told. 
And before you ask, he had nothing to do with any of that. You see, he's a bit of an enigma. 
I always thought he was some kind of god, or at least a demigod, so it wasn't hard for me to piece him together.
But it was only when I got to know him that I realized just how much he really was.

It's funny, I understand that I wouldn't be able to hold a grudge for him. 
After all, I was his mentor and he was literally my mentor. But I do understand how he felt after I cut 
him out of my life. And I do understand how he's trying to rebuild his life, which is exactly what I'm trying to do.

My husband is not a god. He isn't even a demigod yet he's spent the better half of his life in Azkaban. 
I have no idea how he's gotten himself into this mess in the first place, but I am determined to be a good man 
and I don't plan on letting him down. And I don't intend to let him down.

So, I want to tell you about my husband. One man, one woman, that they are.

I'm sure you've heard all this news. That he's been let out from prison and that he's been granted a new life by his Lord. 
You've heard the story about him having to chase down a treat that turned out to be a snake, about him 
being placed in a cell with some other prisoner, about him having to take a shot to take his mind off of 
the way his wife beat him, about how he was taken from one of my family members and then stood there and 
tortured for hours on end until he finally died, about how he came to be forcibly drowned and buried alive by 
the cell wall, and you know what I'm talking about.

I'm sure you know how upset I am to hear that I won't be able to personally visit him in prison. 
I can't bring him back unless I get him to accept my offer of marriage. 
And I won't be able to do that just yet.

But I can bring him to you.

When he'd accepted my offer of marriage, I was so used to my husband's presence in my life that 
I didn't even realize that I wasn't allowed to bring him with me. It was silly, really. 
I already lived off of Albus and Harry and I wasn't going to take that away.

The offer was to move to the Little White House and I was to arrange to have Harry with me for a few weeks when 
all this started happening.

My husband and I had moved in together as a married couple about six years prior. 
We were living in the White House, making our home, and it was just what I needed. 
I needed my husband to be the only one who saw me as my lady in crime.

I was 62 at the time and I hated it.

It wasn't about the money, or having a better life for my husband. It was about the people I saw around him. 
In the corridor I saw him, behind him I saw Harry, with Hermione. He was chatting with them, his face one of intense concentration. 
If it weren't for the red hair framing his face, I had to assume he was talking to a Slytherin. 
That they had found Hermione and were keeping her safe, that they were not above torturing prisoners and 
that it was naughtiness that got him into it in the first place.

Harry was not a Slytherin, however. He had always been a Quidditch player, a teammate of mine at Hogwarts. 
He made the shut out Quidditch sound like a sport, not something you would expect him to be into. 
If he wasn't a Potter and Gryffindor then he would be on the team. And yes, I know he was a muggle born, but he was still a muggle born.

I could have sworn I saw flashes of red in his eyes, but I didn't. The compartment door closed and I was alone in my room. 
It was the middle of the night and I was using the light bulb in my room as the light turned green.

I was alone in my room, in my own bed, staring at the ceiling and thinking.

Why did I feel like her? Like I was falling in love with her. Like she was my soulmate.

###

"You know I have to go, so I won't have to do this."

"I'll still be watching, won't I ?" Snape asked, not looking at the bookworm.

"Yes. And what can I expect, of course? I'm not going anywhere. I will not be sorry. I'm going to save the world."

"This should all be fun! I can't wait to see what happens!"

"Right!"

Bellatrix rolled her eyes but was pleased this was a joke. 
She could wait to be a little bored and see what all the fuss was about. 
She would not begrudge Snape what he had done.

"Don't be so upset. You'll only end up hurting yourself."

"I don't want to hurt myself."

"Good!" Snape smiled. "Now I know you won't."

The young woman let out a cry "Severus!"

"We need to go, Hermione."

"Another time," she explained softly, not looking at the man or at the book. 
She could only imagine what it had to be like to be in the presence of this man, 
and if she could handle it, she would be rather pleased.

"It's okay," he assured. "That's how things are in Hogwarts."

"But why?"

"Because I'm not here right now."

"When?"

"Right now, I've got a case of the plague, and I need all the help I can get."

"You haven't had a case of the plague in years."

"Forgive me for being a bit skeptical," she admitted. 
"But if Harry will be any help, I think I'll have more than a few issues. If you leave me alone, I'll have no problems."

"But you've told me not to worry about you?"

"Look, don't take it personally. I know you've had a hard life, but you are special. You are so much more than that."

"I don't know what you mean," she replied, because that caused her to blanch and grow red and never really get any redder.

"Don't you know I have a higher regard for your life?" 

Snape held a palm over her face. 
"Look, I've told you I care about your well-being. I know you had a hard life, but you are special. 
Nothing can take that away from you. You are a beacon of light in a dark world. That's why I care so much. 
What can taking it away from you do you?"

She clenched her fists. 
"I don't know!" she hissed out, reaching out to put on a bit of a protective spell.

"Take it away from me please," he said, holding up her hand. "I'll do anything you want."

She fisted her hands in front of her mouth trying to wave his wand away, but the magic wouldn't budge.

"I'm sorry, Severus," she whispered out, her hand shaking slightly. "I just... I'm not used to you being so callous."

"I trust your word. I trust your integrity," he lied, trying to sound genuine.

"Now, Potter, think about it," she added, indicating his mouth.
"You've been a little boy, you've been told a lot about magic, about a world where nothing can be taken from you, 
those few words must have made you feel very special. You know what it is to lose everything you've worked for. A world 
where you don't belong. A world where you belong to a man, but are at the mercy of him for everything he says. 
But now, you're older. Think about it. You're in a world where there are people out there that would want to hurt 
you just because you're from another world, and you have no idea how to protect yourself."

"But... but... I want to protect..." she said, tears welling up. "I want to protect my world!"

"It's okay, Hermione. It's okay."

"It is!" she repeated, trying to tell them to stop, but they'd only reveal more.

"Let's make a deal, Granger," he said. "Strawberry and orange?"

She raised her eyebrows. "Berry?"

"Yeah," he said. "Berry. It's a pretty nice dessert, on the rocks. I like it on the cinnamon roll."

"Cinnamon roll?"

Severus scoffed. "You know, those things. Sweet and sour cinnamon rolls. Don't they have names?"

"Oh, I forgot. To Whiterock for the headmaster's office, just for one."

###

Kreacher proved to be as much a problem. She would ignore his requests for coffee when he stumbled into 
her office and chop up some gloriously awful sandwiches to try and keep things fresh.
He had been far too emotional to carry through with. 

"I’m sorry, Kleacher. You were only serving me this, and by the way, I’ve been a connoisseur of Dorchester 
products at the various shops around London. I might let you get me a drink with a souvenir, 
offer you some advice, and be merry all the time."

He rolled his eyes. "If you can’t make it, I’ll take you to the kitchen."

She sighed. "Oh, I’ll be right there. If you’re feeling better, you can sit down and we can discuss some things in more depth." 

She handed the bill to the waiter. 
"If you want to help me with the idea, you can come and ask for me. I’ll be happy to help you. 
But I’ll be the first to tell you, if you think it’s something you should try, I’ll do it for free."

She smiled. "And you can always ask for it back."

The waiter disappeared with a soft click of heels.

"Thank you for the coffee, Kreacher" 
Hermione smiled at the owner. 
"I’m glad you’re feeling better. You could have given me the coffee to toast my head off, but I 
was thinking something a bit different."

She brought her hand up and studied his face with tears in her eyes. "What was that?"

"Please don’t tell anyone," he said with a sad smile. 
"I’m not sure if you’re ready and I can’t be the man I used to be without you. It’s been so long."

She nodded. She knew he had been a ghost in the room, but he took his time to tell her. 
"I love you all, but I love you too, and I love the man I used to be."

His eyes widened. "And you are the man you used to be. I love you, Hermione."

"I love you too," she said with a smile. "And I love you, Harry."

He smiled. "I love you too, Hermione."